## Feedback Submitter

This app allows a user who's logged in to submit feedback that gets saved in a database. The user can then view their previously submitted feedback.

The app is powered by a number of libraries. Here are the main ones:

1. React for the frontend
2. Express for the backend
3. PostgreSQL as the database (with Sequelize as the ORM)
4. Passport as the authentication strategy provider
5. Webpack for building React
6. Babel for transpiling ES6
7. React Router 4 for client side routing

Files that strictly power the server can be found in the src/server folder. All client-side files can be found under src/client.

Since create-react-app was used to initialize the project, there may be some residual files from that installation.

Some notes:

1. The app provides no feedback about invalid credentials, errors when signing up, etc. It will not allow special characters in the user name either. These are required for a good user experience.

2. The Slack Webhook is untested. Since it's not vital to the app's basic functionality, it can fail silently with no impact to the user.

3. There's very minimal styling to the app due to time constraints.

4. Going directly to the client routes such as /signup, /login, or even /feedback do not work server-side. This means you'll always have to log in, even if you're already logged in. This is due to how the static assets are being served and is likely a matter of proper Webpack configuration to get right.

5. Local storage is used to store a user's auth token (comprised of the user name and hashed password). Ideally cookies are used because local storage may not always exist (incognito Safari for example). It's prohibitively difficult to spoof someone else without knowing the hashed password of the user, however storing a hashed password locally is still not ideal. Best is to use a generated session token.

6. There's no rate limiting to the app, meaning anyone can hammer the database if they so desired. Furthermore, since signup doesn't require a valid email address, spammers can create a lot of accounts without any checks. Using email verification can hinder this, as well as using captchas and IP checks to hinder botting.

7. The code is a mix of ES6 and non-ES6. In a refactor, all code should just be ES6.

8. The test suite should be built out (not just App.test.js which was autogenerated by create-react-app).

9. The src/server/index.js code can be cleaned up by moving the passport middleware and API code into api.js. Also, an isAuthenticated middleware can be used to reduce repeated code and more easily identify protected server routes.

10. A config.js file can consolidate all of the reading of environment variables and define sensible defaults where appropriate. That file can then be used across the app for consistency and to avoid repeated code.

11. It'd be nice to have a foreign key constraint on username (Users table) in the Feedbacks table.
